TELCODOCS-1476 hub-side templating (#68139)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-the-policygentemplate.adoc

                                    domainNumber 24
                                    .....
----

> The following example uses hub-side templating to generate multiple `machineConfigs` from a single {rh-rhacm} policy:

Reviewer: The following example uses hub side templating to generate `PerformanceProfile` {rh-rhacm} policies for the cluster that have the following labels: `group-du-sno-zone: "zone-1"`, `hardware-type: "dell-poweredge-xr12"`.

Author: Thanks. I've proposed a change along these lines.

                                    domainNumber 24
                                    .....
----

The following example uses hub-side templating to generate `PerformanceProfile` {rh-rhacm} policies for clusters that match the labels defined under `spec.bindingRules`.
[source,yaml]
----
include::snippets/ztp_example-pgt-hub-side-templating.yaml[]
----

> Using the `fromConfigMap` function, the file defines site-specific configurations for each cluster defined in the `PolicyGenTemplate`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `fromConfigMap` function, site-specific configuration is selected for each cluster defined in the `PolicyGenTemplate`. 
```

> This example generates policies for clsuters that have the labels: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example generates policies for clusters that have the labels: 
```
